[terra-worklist-data-grid] Resize Columns Via Mouse (#1699)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-worklist-data-grid/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased
* Breaking Change
  * Renamed `columnWidth` to `defaultColumnWidth`.
  
Added
 * Added additional keyboard navigation in `terra-worklist-data-grid`.
 * Added support for cell selection.
 * Added ability to resize columns via mouse.

>  * Added `onColumnResize` prop to notify consumer of a column resize

Reviewer: "Notify" seems inaccurate based on the prop description. Would something like the following be more accurate?
```suggestion
 * Added `onColumnResize` prop for consumers to be able to provide a callback function for when a column resize event occurs.
```

Author: It is not a resize event.  It is a callback that we create to notify the consumer that the column width was changed.
